hey what's up guys today i'll show you a
horror film black box
spoiler ahead watch out and take care
the movie begins with nolan wright
reminiscing about his family's blurred
and puzzled memories in a dream
with a confused gaze at the photos of
his family nolan barely recalls the
dazzling smiles and tears of joy when
his daughter was born
suddenly the nostalgia in this dream
becomes a nightmare when an unknown man
tries to strangle him helplessly
the vision settles down when he hears
the voice of his daughter eva nolan
wakes up with such bewilderment he
witnesses his ten-year-old daughter who
serves as his vocabulary in reviving the
lost memory
the horror film arises through an
amnesiac person with an enigmatic
background at the beginning we can
surmise that the main character
experiences a tragic event which leads
to exploring his identity
as he learns about himself nolan grasped
that he is a 33 year old photographer
who now becomes a single parent after
getting involved in a tragic experience
he realizes that a car accident six
months ago brings him to the current
uncertainty of self-identity and severe
memory loss together with clueless
thoughts and those memories handicapped
is the death of his wife rachel wright
moreover he receives warnings from ava's
teacher who threatens to report him to
child services for his negligence and
forgetful behavior to his primary
obligations as ava's father
he even fails to get another photography
contract as the clients prefer his
performance before this near-death
experience
the only way for them to sign it up
again is to bring his memory back
with all these things happening to him
he calibrates that the only way to
bounce back from the seeming chaos is to
find those missing pieces of his puzzle
and these are his memories out of
desperation he decides to undergo an
experimental procedure believed and
studied to make his subconscious active
and memories recovered through dr
lillian brooks this beacon of hope will
only be possible through the hands of a
brilliant neurologist the said doctor
has a significant but mysterious
interest in nolan's health condition and
is best known for the dream project
this therapy works through an apparatus
and headset called a black box which
focuses on putting the person on those
memories it happens by navigating the
person under hypnosis and gradually
opening the patient's subconscious
process will then extract those memories
from their minds and make them into
virtual experiences like dreams
he hopes for the effectiveness of the
said treatment in the soonest possible
time as he urges to take care of his
daughter
we can validly infer how the black box
would slowly become an answer to the
surrealistic atmosphere in nolan's
lifeline of memory
wearing the black box for the first time
on his first treatment nolan sees
nothing but a glimpse in the middle of
the darkness he only hears the voice of
dr brooks only considers the cursor
being plunged into darkness to give life
to hypnosis
in just a few seconds he was able to
probe another dimension the dark screen
suddenly depicts a virtual experience in
a bedroom scene alone with a watch in
the corner
nolan needs to click the crown of the
analog watch as instructed by dr brooks
in the middle of the treatment to travel
to the next memory
from this we can now discover how this
black box symbolizes another perspective
of reality a reality that makes nolan
question who he is
the next memory launches in a wedding
ceremony with a bride working in the owl
towards him suspecting this could be his
wife as the lady gets closer to him he
distinguishes that the bride has a
blurred face
so does everyone else in that ceremony
while navigating a scene from his memory
a man crawls toward him with an unseen
appearance that makes him terrified and
wakes up from the treatment though he is
frightened by the initial treatment
results nolan believes this is an
improvement and shares this with his
brother dr gary who happens to be in the
same medical ward as dr brooks he shares
the wedding scene during the first
session of the treatment indeed he
aspires to quickly heal and bring back
the lost momentum to recuperate the bond
with ava
one day nolan approaches dr brooks again
for his second session
he contemplates the thought of letting
those memories instead appear naturally
in the subconscious the doctor
emphasizes that seeing blurred visions
is expected in the preliminary stages of
the treatment as he wears the black box
for the second time only the darkness is
the rhythm until it routes him to a
specific scenario
he finds himself in a room with a cry of
a baby as the only symphony he tries to
locate the cry in that vision and
finally witnesses a baby with a blurred
face again
afterward he sees broken plates on the
floor and a figure of a woman crying and
staring in a mirror with no distinct
facial features
in another corner a man with twisted
bones suddenly appears slowly crawling
towards him nolan is petrified and
begins uttering the phrase several times
i run my mind it doesn't run me
but that strange man in the vision
continuously crawls toward him the dream
residing in the black box is then
disturbed and interrupted by that man
trying to choke him with this
overwhelming experience dr brooks
comforts and allows him to understand
the enigma the said doctor states that
these visions are all components of his
subconscious and once part of his past
the scene marks how the said device
black box becomes a remedy of elegy and
unacceptance while the execution remains
unpredictable the message prevails and
highlights the main character's life as
nolan
to deal with the confusion nolan
consults his brother again dr gary and
asked him about what he witnesses in
that process
he questions if he ever hit his wife or
anything in particular such as violence
that happened to them before
dr gary explains that it can be just
hallucinations
considering the burden on his plates
such as with ava his job and his wife's
loss the doctor supposes this trauma
from the vehicle accident triggers this
bewilderment
the next day nolan visits an apartment
with ava and he sees a room that is
perfectly similar to the visions during
his first black box procedure he sees a
lady and a child lying on a sofa so he
immediately closes the door what nolan
sees makes him ultimately wonder why the
place and setting are present in his
treatment's perceived memories
as they climb the stairs a snapshot of
unestablished memories develops again to
nolan and he sees an unknown person
falling on the stairs
with such detailed orchestration in this
scene the character gets disturbed
whether these memories are his or just
plainly manipulated
coupled with courage and doubt nolan
revisits his brother dr gary he reflects
on his memories again but dr gary
contradicts stating that the hints of
violence should never be part of his
memory since he can attest how great
nolan is as a father and husband
meanwhile dr gary again examines nolan's
medical history and laboratory reports
due to nolan's doubts and interrogation
he then discovers a record of nolan
after the accident labelled as suspected
brain death and a follow-up note that he
regains his consciousness after a
three-day coma
these details push him to consult the
other doctors about how quickly nolan
recovers from a brain death situation
he investigates the skeptical and
natural procedures of dr brooks to his
brother
nolan revisits dr brooks for his third
session in hypnosis treatment since he
aims to get a clearer image of his
memories and experiences
in this session he visions the wedding
ceremony in the device again with
blurred faces and creepy images that
appear from the first session
a man is crawling and slowly approaching
him nolan tries to remain his composure
until the strange man slaps him and
shifts him to other familiar memories
with such eagerness to learn his memory
he clicks the watch's crown and another
glimpse of memory arises he finds
himself in a hospital with a woman
looking at him this time the face of the
woman now has a definite and remarkable
image since he is in the same field as
dr brooks gary gives justice by deducing
the information presented and revealing
the intentions behind the unusual act he
wants to discover why false memories are
experienced by his own brother
while the session is ongoing dr gary
tries to intervene and looks for dr
brooks due to the questionable
information and tests performed on
nolan's case but dr brook's assistant
informs him that the procedure needs
time and should not be interrupted for
its effectiveness
the procedure continues and nolan is
constantly pressing the analog watch to
see different memories he goes back to
the wedding scene and surprisingly the
woman's face is now vivid and
recognizable the memory exhibits a woman
who is not nolan's wife
the image is the identity of a woman
nolan saw in the apartment a few days
ago which is not related to him
correspondingly a man now appears in the
vision with his actual face and discerns
that these memories are his and not
nolan's
in the middle of the session procedure
reveals a horrifying truth
nolan recounts that he is not nolan at
all thomas the son of dr brooks turns
out to be the owner of memories who died
two years ago after falling off the
stairs and the lady's husband named
miranda in the set apartment it is now
thomas memories and blueprints that
govern nolan's body little by little
through the help of his mother
unanticipatedly the session stops when
thomas is now taking over nolan's body
with his memories completely
dr brooks bursts into tears and is
mesmerized by the result
after a brilliant experiment thomas
appears alive in her patient's body by
implanting those memories to a brain
dead person in the form of nolan when
the doctor successfully pulls off the
dream project she rejoices with thomas
and convinces her son to seize the
moment of the second life
what leads dr brooks to execute the
controversial procedure is her love and
yearning for her son
indeed acceptance for thomas death will
never be an option for dr brooks but
actually an urgent motivation to remain
steadfast in bringing back her son no
matter what difficulties it may face
as soon as thomas unfolds most of his
memories in nolan's body he sends ava to
dr gary intending to rebuild his real
family and old life in the apartment he
remarks that he needs to send ava for no
declared duration for the betterment of
each party since they are not related at
all
though ava becomes confused she still
manages to understand and agrees to the
plan of her dad
dr gary even respects his decision and
comforts him in the best way possible
regardless of the changing behavior of
nolan
thomas goes to the apartment nervously
and the only thing that runs in his mind
is to make things right
from being an abusive husband and a
failed son thomas plans to transform his
life and portrays a new beginning he
slowly introduces himself to miranda
about how he relates to her and she is
not convinced but confused
he begins telling stories and previous
experiences as a couple which enlightens
her but is now over miranda has already
moved on and is trying now to forget
thomas to think that he is in a wrong
frame thomas tolerates the fact by
trying to live and disregard the life
and obligations of nolan and his nolan
the moment thomas witnesses how his wife
refuses him this provokes his anger and
violent behavior so he attacks miranda
miranda knocks thomas out before this
man can come to their daughter thomas
finds himself in a road near dr gary's
house ava notices the blood on the head
of his father nolan who is now ruled by
thomas
later thomas confronts his mother dr
brooks after seeing a vision of a
twisted man crawling in a reflection
after what ava and gary discover they
quickly follow thomas in the lab of dr
brooks
gary determines that nolan now has false
memories and they need to go to the lab
to stop the experimentation and claim
the actual and original nolan
the procedure with the black box begins
again to settle the memories of thomas
to nolan's system finally the only way
to do this is to kill and eliminate the
creepy twisted man who appears to be
crawling in any memory
thomas shifts to the apartment's
specific memory and sees an approaching
man with a twisted figure and
unrecognizable face
as the creepy creature gets closer to
thomas the image becomes vividly
comprehensible only to learn that this
is nolan's remnant and memory
we can then conclude here that nolan
becomes an unwilling vessel of thomas
memory and identity
since the movie began it was thomas's
thoughts and memories until nolan
refuses to be overpowered by it
a fight occurs in the labyrinth of
consciousness between the inner self of
thomas and nolan
when thomas is about to stab the vision
of nolan to end nolan's identity finally
ava's voice awakens the atmosphere of
the black box and nolan's inner self
recognizes it
thomas attempts to kill that figure
again but his wife miranda appears in
the vision and he suddenly remembers the
cause of his death which is his wife who
accidentally pushed him in the stairs
for self-defense
thomas feels heartbroken and decides to
exit nolan's consciousness and goes into
the dark
the movie ends with nolan regaining his
consciousness and reuniting with ava and
dr gary in contrast dr brooks gets
dismissed from the hospital due to her
controversial procedure at a film's
closure brook strives to redeem the data
of his son's memory again
waiting for the next patient whom she
can crown the black box again
just like how everyone conquers
everything with love a mother's love in
the character of dr brooks is more than
willing to combat the risks and achieve
the unknown
the movie essentially entails how love
can be a mantra of an identity crisis
and how elegy can be the pillar of
vulnerabilities pushing us to mobilize
disastrous realities
this is daniel cc movie channel peace
out